ALDoc support in AL-Go (#760)
microsoft/AL-Go: RELEASENOTES.md

- App artifacts for version 'latest' are now fetched from the latest CICD run that completed and successfully built all the projects for the corresponding branch.
- Issue 824 Utilize `useCompilerFolder` setting when creating an development environment for an AL-Go project.

### New Settings

- `alDoc` : Structure with properties for the ALDoc reference document generation
  - **ContinuousDeployment** = Determines if reference documentation will be deployed continuously as part of CI/CD. You can run the **Deploy Reference Documentation** workflow to deploy manually or on a schedule. (Default false)
  - **DeployToGitHubPages** = Determines whether or not the reference documentation site should be deployed to GitHub Pages for the repository. In order to deploy to GitHub Pages, GitHub Pages must be enabled and set to GitHub Actuibs. (Default true)
  - **MaxReleases** = Maximum number of releases to include in the reference documentation. (Default 3)

>   - **Projects** = An array of projects to include in the reference documentation. (Default all)

Reviewer: It works like `-Include` and `-Exclude` parameters of some PS functions (e.g. `Get-ChildItem`): it first _includes_ and then _excludes_.

In that sense, to keep the same pattern, how about `$IncludeProjects` and `$ExcludeProjects`?

  - **ExcludeProjects** = An array of projects to exclude in the reference documentation. (Default none)-
  - **Header** = Header for the documentation site. (Default: Documentation for...)
  - **Footer** = Footer for the documentation site. (Default: Made with...)
  - **DefaultIndexMD** = Markdown for the landing page of the documentation site. (Default: Reference documentation...)
  - **DefaultReleaseMD** = Markdown for the landing page of the release sites. (Default: Release reference documentation...)
  - *Note that in Header, Footer, DefaultIndexMD and DefaultReleaseMD you can use the following placeholders: {REPOSITORY}, {VERSION}, {INDEXTEMPLATERELATIVEPATH}, {RELEASENOTES}* 

### New Workflows
- **Deploy Reference Documentation** is a workflow, which you can invoke manually or on a schedule to generate and deploy reference documentation using the aldoc tool, using the ALDoc setting properties described above.

> ### Support for ALDoc reference documentation tool

Author: By adding DeployReferenceDocumentationSchedule to .github/AL-Go-Settings.json and running Update AL-Go System files - exactly like the schedule for all other workflows.

- App artifacts for version 'latest' are now fetched from the latest CICD run that completed and successfully built all the projects for the corresponding branch.
- Issue 824 Utilize `useCompilerFolder` setting when creating an development environment for an AL-Go project.

### New Settings

> - `alDoc` : Structure with properties for the ALDoc reference document generation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `alDoc` : JSON object with properties for the ALDoc reference document generation
```

  - **ContinuousDeployment** = Determines if reference documentation will be deployed continuously as part of CI/CD. You can run the **Deploy Reference Documentation** workflow to deploy manually or on a schedule. (Default false)

>   - **DeployToGitHubPages** = Determines whether or not the reference documentation site should be deployed to GitHub Pages for the repository. In order to deploy to GitHub Pages, GitHub Pages must be enabled and set to GitHub Actuibs. (Default true)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - **DeployToGitHubPages** = Determines whether or not the reference documentation site should be deployed to GitHub Pages for the repository. In order to deploy to GitHub Pages, GitHub Pages must be enabled and set to GitHub Actions. (Default true)
```

  - **MaxReleases** = Maximum number of releases to include in the reference documentation. (Default 3)

>   - **useProjectsAsFolders** = Determines whether projects in multi-project repositories are used as folders in reference documentation

Reviewer: Why is this setting's name is camel-cased and the others are pascal-cased?

Author: typo

>   - **useProjectsAsFolders** = Determines whether projects in multi-project repositories are used as folders in reference documentation

Reviewer: Can `useProjectsAsFolders` be a project setting instead?

If an AL-Go project has one app, it doesn't make sense to use the AL-Go project as a folder. But in other cases, if an AL-Go project has many apps, the grouping might make sense.

Author: In a single project repository, useProjectsAsFolders is always false.
In a multi-project, the default is true, but you can set it to false.
The text actually says that it only has an effect in multi-project repositories
